hi guys this is ken cole 98 and today
I'm going to show you the in furnace on
tbogt it may be different finding it on
Brenda thought oh the ballad of gay tony
then on grant authority because it's
hard to grant the third row IV so i'll
show you the in fairness it's it's
parked in front of my house because I
parked it there so you can't really
spawn the actual card with shut up with
any other car it may be possible with a
banshee that's my advice that's what I
done or you can do it on with it after
the mission when you are coming out that
Chinese takeaway place or whatever that
office and just go to the street there's
a little alleyway and the personal be
driving and in fairness it doesn't
matter what color is just go to paint
spray and domains ran me over so uh well
easiest way to spawn it is probably with
a a really sporty car which I only would
advise you to use the banshee easiest
vehicle I found a banshee today and then
started writing it about and then after
about five minutes I found this in
fairness but I found on before that i
had a red one but i gave it away so i
like this one with the spoiler because
the other one did didn't have a spoiler
so I stole this one so thanks for
watching this video and I hooked you
took my advice and maybe fountain in
fairness after
video so